Why did she do such a thing?
Hinata...
You love Naruto?
Naruto was able to suppress the Nine-Tails on his own.
On his own?
He is about to confront the last Pain.
Lee.
We are going to assist Naruto!
Right!
Please don't.
You will only be in his way.
But look what they did to this village.
He can't manage alone!
Naruto seems to have a plan.
Let us have faith in him.
Someone like you who has no answer...
should just give up!
He withstood it... Impossible!
That jutsu cannot be thrown.
I have five seconds.
This distance will work for me.
Give up...
...on me giving up!
Rasengan!
Nagato...
The last Pain has been crushed.
What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here - unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, I run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
koete Someday...
The Two Students
Pain operated by receiving chakra through these sticks.
Once it's taken out,
he shouldn't be able to move anymore.
You and I seek the same thing.
We are trying to establish the peace that Jiraiya Sensei so desired.
You and I are not different at all.
We each act according to our own sense of justice.
You have your own justice... and I have mine.
Have you come to understand a little of what pain is?
Unless you know the same pain, you cannot truly know another.
And even if you get to know others,
there can be no understanding.
A cycle of hatred begins.
That is history as we know it.
So we cannot help but believe
that human beings are incapable of understanding each other.
The world of the ninja is ruled by hatred.
You're going?
Yeah.
Then this time, use reinforcements.
No.
I'm going alone!
Lady Hinata!
Everyone... Thank goodness! We were so worried.
Are you okay, Lady Hinata?
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you, Sakura.
I'm so relieved. You overdid yourself this time.
Everyone, Naruto defeated the sixth Pain.
Way to go Naruto!
How is Naruto? Is he hurt?
He's exhausted, but otherwise okay.
Thank goodness... Naruto, I'm so glad.
So, where is Naruto?
He's going alone to where the real Pain is.
Why would he do something like that?!
Guy Sensei! We must follow!
Yes!
However... Naruto does not want assistance.
Wh-What?!
No! Naruto's done enough on his own!
He's considerably weakened.
Please lead us to Naruto!
What is it?
It's Naruto...
Naruto!
Guys...
The fact that you're here...
Does it mean that you've defeated the sixth Pain?
It doesn't matter who won or lost.
What happened?
I can't really put it into words.
What do you mean... you can't put it into words?
Look, I'm going to see the real Pain.
Please don't follow. I want to go alone.
Naruto, you know where the real Pain is?!
Yeah... I found Pain's body through Sage Mode
and when I pulled out the black rod, I felt his chakra.
I see. But you want to go alone?
What's going on?
I want to confirm something.
Confirm? What is it?
I want to talk to the real Pain.
What?! You're talking nonsense!
We're all grateful that you've defeated Pain.
But it's far too late to settle things with words!
Then tell me!
If we destroy the real Pain, and his minions,
and the village and everything else connected to the enemy,
will that "settle" things?!
What good will talking do?
He is our enemy who destroyed the Leaf Village!
We cannot forgive him!
I know! I know! I feel the same way!
How can I forgive a guy like that
who did this to our village and its people?!
- Then... - Inoichi...
Let's do as Naruto says and let him go alone.
Shikaku...
It is Naruto who stopped Pain.
He has every right to speak to Pain.
Besides, I'm sure he has his reasons.
But... Just let him go.
Thanks, Mister Shikaku.
Why did you let Naruto go by himself, Shikaku?
It's my son...
Your son?
Where were you?
Black Ops sent a message for you.
Well... I went to lecture Naruto...
to stop him from acting glum.
It was a pain, but I couldn't help myself.
He's got something that we don't have.
"Something"?
Yeah... Someday, he's going to become a very important ninja to this village.
When I'm with Naruto... he makes me want to follow him.
Shikamaru, who rarely praises people, said that to me.
There really must be something special about Naruto.
I want to believe so.
Let's put our faith in Naruto.
Konan, get back.
But Nagato...
It's all right.
Are you the real Pain?
So peace has stumbled onto me.
Do you hate me?
You're facing the object of your vendetta...
Do you wish to exact revenge?
A cycle of hatred begins.
I formed the Akatsuki in order to stop this cycle of hatred.
Nothing in this world will change
even if you kill Pain now and inflict your revenge.
All it will be is self-satisfaction.
This monster known as hate will not die
while there is a system of ninja.
It will give birth to more Pains.
To be a ninja is to confront hatred.
Each and every one of us battles hatred.
Jiraiya Sensei trusted you to find a way to end this hatred.
If you could not find the answer,
then there is nothing you can do,
but to do the just thing and sacrifice yourself
for the peace which I am about to create.
At this close distance,
I can easily control your movements with my chakra.
Rest assured. I've avoided hitting your vital spots.
For you are invaluable, Jinchuriki.
What's wrong, Nagato?
He...purposely didn't move.
I came here... intending to talk to you.
But, I also wanted to confirm something.
Confirm...something?
I wanted to confirm my feelings.
If I stood before my enemy... what would I do?
I wasn't sure of myself.
And?
I can't forgive you!
Even now, I want to kill you so badly...
I can't stop shaking!
What? He can resist Nagato's chakra up close like this?!
Even I can see there's too much hate in our Ninja World.
And I've wanted to do something about this hatred,
yet I'm not sure what must be done.
I'm glad I made you my student.
Pervy Sage said he believed that the day would come
when people can truly understand one another.
I wasn't paying much attention when he told me that...
Even when he said he'd entrust me with finding the answer.
I got excited, taking it as a sign
that he acknowledged me as his student.
Thinking back...
I finally understand what Pervy Sage meant.
That it's not so simple.
Still, it doesn't change the fact that you can't forgive me.
Words of forgiveness come easy.
Love does not.
Yeah... You're right about that.
Jiraiya Sensei's words reflect an idealism from an era long past.
It is far removed from reality.
Didn't you say you would kill me
and bring peace to the Ninja World?
Even if you seek vengeance for your own satisfaction,
if that is your idea of justice, so be it.
You're not a god.
After witnessing this harsh reality,
do you really still believe Jiraiya Sensei's silly ramblings?
When I found out you were Pervy Sage's student,
I wanted to ask you one thing.
What is it?
How could the Pervy Sage's students turn out the way you did?
I understand that you're not like the Akatsuki members
who kill out of sheer enjoyment.
But I don't know a thing about you guys.
That's why...
I want to hear your stories, then come up with an answer.
Very well...
We will tell you about our pain.
When the fireworks suddenly explode in the air...
fui ni agatta hanabi wo futari de miageta toki
I couldn't keep my eyes off from your face...
muchuu de miteru kimi no kao wo
sotto nusumimita no I gazed at you quietly...
It'd be so much easier if I was able to hate you...
kimi no koto kirai ni naretara ii noni
Because I always remember you, in situations like this...
kyou mitai na hi ni wa kitto
I can't help but think about the times we spent together.
mata omoidashiteshimau yo
I'm ready to forget you...
mou wasureyou kimi no koto zenbu
It just tears at my heart too much.
konna ni mo kanashikute
I wonder... why did we meet each other?
doushite deatteshimattan darou When I close my eyes...
me wo tojireba It's like you are here.
ima mo kimi ga soko ni iru you de
Did you hear, Sakura?
The next Naruto Shippuden is about an untold tale
that takes place back when we were kids!
Team 7 goes on a great adventure
in search of the Fourth Hokage's legacy.
You definitely have to see this one!
Check out all our action!
And Sasuke's heroics!
Don't miss out on it!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Big Adventure! The Quest for the Fourth Hokage's Legacy - Part 1"
Now go, young challengers!
Master, I heard you used to change your age and appearance
as you travelled around.
As a young kid... as a lovesick adolescent, and such.
Wow...
I'm interested to know what you looked like in your youth, Lady Tsunade.
Oh, me too!
Hmm... Very well then!
Well? Pretty charming, don't you think?
Huh?
Wh-What's with you two?!
I-Is there something you want to say?
Wh-Wh-What?
- That... - Turns into that?!
Lady Tsunade! What was your diet like during adolescence?
And any other secrets you have!
- Tell us already! - Tell us already!
Cut it out!
Tune in again!